Questions


Q1. Display the states, gender affected and the confirmed cases in their respective states where confirmed cases are more than 100

Q2. Display the states which collected more than 1000 samples in day.

Q3. Retrieve the state with maximum population, their density per sq km and group by descending order with respect to population

Q4. Display the hospital beds along with their location where patients have recovered from covid-19 and those beds are made available to the needy patients waiting in the queue to get admitted.

Q5. Display the total number of people in assam who have recovered

Q6. Show the state, hospitals and beds available where beds and hospitals available are more than 1000.

Q7. Show states where active cases are less

Q8. Show the dates when the beds are available 

Q9. Show the details of the number of samples tested across each timestamp

Q10. Display the number of males and females who have recovered

Q11. List the states where the population is greater than the number of beds available in descending order of serial number

Q12. Display the number of patients who have recovered along with their dates.

Q13. Show the ratio of male and female to the whole population for all states

Q14. Display the total number of beds available in Tamil Nadu 

Q15. Display the total number of beds available in india .

Q16. Find out the Patients who tested negative after collection of sample.

Q17. Show TotalSamplesTested and TotalPositiveCases with date and time

Q18. Display the total number of hospitals available in india .

Q19. Show the total population and active cases and the states.

Q20. Find the 3rd minimum population in the population_distribution table and also find out the State and area per sq km.

Q21.Show the Active Cases that are falling under the even dates of march and April in their respective states

Q22. Display the total confirmed cases till 31-March in Maharashtra

Q23. Find the ratio of female to male  between the age group of 50-54.

Q24. Display the total percentage of male and female being affected by covid-19 ranging between ‘0-50’.

Q25. Display the States,Recovered cases and their population living under where area is less than 4000 sq km.

Q26. Find out the recovery rate among the states and display it along with the names of the states and the number of recovered & active cases.

Q27.   Display the age and the origin of those who recovered from covid-19 and is of masculine gender.

Q28. Display the states along with the ratio of Beds available against the total population beds.

Q29. Display the status of the patients in all the cities.

Q30. Display the death ratio of each state.

Q31. Display the population, hospital beds, ratio of hospital beds to population in every state.

Q32. Display the ratio of affected people in every state.

Q33. Display the first five affected states along with their respective active cases using PL/SQL.

Q34. Check whether one belongs between the age '20-24' and also display the total population affected within the given range using PL/SQL.

Q35. Display the Patient's Status,City from which they belong where age is less than 50 yrs using PL/SQL.

Q36. Display the data for the people who have been confirmed and recovered for each state from the statewise table 

Q37. Display the male and female population among each state from the populationdistribution_2011census_ table

Q38. Show the timestamp for total samples tested and total individuals tested 

Q39. Find the number of hospital beds available in each state 

Q40. Display the patient status in each state from the death_and_recovery table

Q41. Display the number of people who have been confirmed each day and the total number of confirmed people.
